Hi, guys, my name is Rafael Timbo
and besides being an intern at Big Data, I am also collaborating at Bionik Labs
Bionik Laboratories is a medical device company uses technology to provide health care solutions
for patients with restricted physical mobility.
The project I am working on is the ARKE Exoskeleton, and I am responsible for gathering the
data that comes from the device, store it on the cloud, and display it on a webserver.

//But what is the ARKE exoskeleton?

Maybe some of you have someone you know who is somehow disabled.
They would like to do things on their own, but they often need assistance and find barriers and
obstacles due to their physical condition.
"Man, I forgot to get that lettuce on the supermarket.
Maybe I can go to the mall closer to my house."
But it happens to have that wicked set of stairs, which is unbearable.
"Maybe I can stop at that subway station and go to that mall close by".
But the station is not accessible. And you can not go.
Not so cool.
But this is where the Bionik exoskeleton comes in.
You go to the hospital or clinic, attach the device to your body, and start your rehabilitation
session. But it is not that calm session that the doctor tells the patient to move,
which he can do with a lot of effort. It is
a real walking session. What you can not do,
the exoskeleton will be there to cover that up for you.
And this is important for the patient. The session will never be a failure, because the device
will support the person wherever it is needed. This greatly impacts the psychological of the
patient, giving him fuel and stimulation to continue.

The doctor can use a tablet to send commands to the device for the rehabilitation process.
The ARKE exoskeleton is a lower body exoskeleton that gives people their independence back.
Through sensors and algorithms, it is able to learn and anticipate an individual's
walking pattern. Then, it uses motors to replace the function of muscles and creates movement.

For example, say the damage was not so bad and I can recover my leg movement
following a rehabilitation treatment.
This is the case of X.
She visits the doctor once a day and wears the exoskeleton.
She does the rehabilitation really walking, not simulating walking movements laid down on the bed
or sat down. The best stimulation a patient could get.
And here you can see all
that she did. This way, the doctors can see her progress.
As you can see,
she started on January and went all the way to March and followed the prescription.
You can see how many steps she did throughout her whole rehabilitation process, or month by month

Further ahead,
the patients would be able to take the device home, and use the device to its full capability.
Say Joe did that.
He started great and was enjoying fully the device everyday.
Like so, we can measure how many steps does the battery last.
For example, here, on January 2nd, the battery was able to deliver 2000 LS, 1000 RS.
But on 8th of February, we can see that he might be walking a little too much
on his right leg. This can show that he might be having difficulties using the device, or 
he is not comfortable. It could also show that the left leg might be malfunctioning.
Say at the end, the device was not fully functional anymore.
Like so, we can compute how many steps it did throughout its whole lifespan
and have an idea of the device's performance.
